for me the perfect landing
follows an excellent in-flight
movie the delicious meal and a
light nap but for cats
the perfect landing follows some
mind-blowing midair acrobatics
they're famous for their ability
to land on their feet which is
something we need to work
cats legs extend and their
bodies acting as natural shock
absorbers hours
cod is effective but i think he
knows that now about that blew
away the cobwebs
is a falling cats ability to
always land on its feet myth
miracle or a marvel of physics
well the law of conservation of
angular momentum states that
when a cat is falling turning
one part of its body means
another part has to turn in the
opposite direction
first he orientates himself by
turning his head and then he
arches his back
next he fully twists his front
legs
whilst his we're turns in the
opposite direction
to complete the turn he twists
his rear legs was his front
turns in the opposite direction
once again the arches his back
to reduce the force of impact
Mother Nature gave cats this
innate ability to land
gracefully to counteract a
rather fundamental floor
they're completely dark
you name it they'll fall off
muffin here has had the
excellent idea of jumping on top
of the door
nowhere else to go now what
about the door frame
yeah
great landing in less than a
second muffin turned his body
saving his neck and his dignity
with a perfect four-footed
landing
tabatha has been trying to get
the last crisp from the packet
has happened to me last night
money edge thought textbook
tumble Tabitha even with the bag
on her head
instinct kicked in and she
managed to perform the perfect
midair pirouette and land safely
on her feet
ok